About how many times did you go home during the academic year?
freshman, sophomore, Thanksgiving, Christmas, maybe Easter, I don't know, I'm sure.
That's all.
And that's largely the fact that I had this vessel down.
The old Sergeant King did not like me to ask me about it, particularly if you were a freshman or something.
That's got to be a junior.
That's another thing.
After I got to be a lot of employment during the year and the same year, I took another job.
I had a job at the fiscal department, Charlie Raven News.
around the house with Arianna's family.
He was in the fiscal department.
He got a job down there.
I gave him more revenue as far as he came to the center.
Senior year, Bupo died recently and married, had a little license from down my own town.
And senior year, I've had Bupo
a dollar against a rifle on all the football games.
And of course I wiped them out and he hauled me back to Fort Harrisville by the second week.
By that time I was going back home.
So I traveled back and forth, I guess, maybe 15 or 20 times.
Senior.
Let's see, we were doing Y. All right, Guyon Hall.
What did Guyon Hall, what role did it play?
Well, very little to an engineer.
That's the place where you got some diploma.
Did you go to a movie over there or a speech?
How often did you go to a movie?
Maybe twice a year.
That cost money.
Alright, let's go then on, let's say it's Saturday night.
What would you and your buddies do for a good time on a Saturday night if there's not a football weekend or anything like that?
Well, if he was a freshman, he'd try to get his buddies to step away somewhere to get out of the dormitory area.
And it would get the emotional talk to sit down and shoot the ball.
Where would you go to do that?
Sometimes we'd walk for the way it was real.
Really?
You'd just walk.
Just take a walk.
And after sophomore, of course, there'd be such a big room.
But then we'd go first and start after dinner and just keep on going, you know, until everybody ready to go to bed.
Right.
So you seldom ate off campus for fun, just to go eat somewhere?
Seldom.
Ever.
I really don't recall until I was a junior, never leaving the campus.
I've heard of Hard Liquors.
Where was Hard Liquors?
There's a dry county there, part of it, and you'd have to go across over to the other side of Bradley's River.
The Whiskey Bridge.
Yeah.
And it was that old, until just about three or four years ago, that old building was still there.
Yeah, it's done now.
I didn't drink that.
So I didn't get involved too much hard liquor in Boston.
Now somebody mentioned to me running wood and water and I've never found anybody, somebody said ask them about that one.
And I've not heard.
What about Uncle Ed's?
Was hard liquor's Uncle Ed?
Was that a respectable place?
Or if you went to Hard Lakers, would you not admit it?
You wouldn't admit it to your folks, but she admitted to all the rest of the people in the campus.
Oh, okay, to your buddies.
Okay, all right.
All right, describe what was... You wouldn't tell your professors that you'd been hanging out at the Hard Lakers.
Describe what was at Northgate when you were a freshman.
I mean, when you were an undergraduate.
What was over there?
Well, Luke O'Headers Place Center.
On the corner?
Yep, all at Luke.
company had a place there.
The post office is there now.
It had just been built new.
So it was there.
And there was a couple of short order joints.
I don't know what that names anymore.
And... Campus theater?
Was there a theater there then?
I don't recall.
Was there anything at Southgate?
Fortunately not.
Eastgate?
Eastgate.
That was out of the booths.
Right.
If you came or went on the bus, you got off there.
Yeah.
The railroad station.
That carried a lot of people in that time.
Hitchhiking started at the East Gate.
Alright, describe the routine of an Aggie hitchhiking.
You wanted to go somewhere, you didn't have the money, you got a bus, and besides that the bus schedule was followed, you hitchhiked.
And I hitchhiked, I don't know,
1,000, 1,000, maybe 10, 15,000 miles.
And that was the thing, when you got there, you lined up.
And that wasn't my, that was one thing where there was no rank.
When you got there, you had your place.
And then you had to use good judgment.
Sometimes a truck would come by and say, man, go into Navisola.
Then you had to decide whether you wanted to go to Navisola.
And you never had an incident or a problem?
Do you remember any unusual characters that gave you a ride?
And they were trained with the whole deal, so they offered to stop their money.
You know, but I didn't have any money, so that's one of the last great opportunities, I guess.
Did you ever run?
Then I remember one thing very much.
It's like I saw that Y-A instead.
It's in College Station where you run off to a ground in College Station.
And that was a pretty popular place.
And see at that point I had to go to the ground and then down to the grounds.
We were there and
and lot humps that had a convention somewhere in that area.
And there was a car full of driving, a funding drive, a car.
Mm-hmm, I remember those.
They apparently had more fun than they should have.
They came in and couldn't make the time whether they were going right or left, so they went right at us.
We all managed to get out of the way.
He ran that thing up there.
A bunch of bushes.
Got in high center.
And they got out there and they were a stupid guitar.
But finally we all got together, we set his car back on the road, and we were going.
It was a strange experience to see this car coming right, and we thought he'd turn right or left, but he came straight on.
Important personalities that visited the campus while you were a student, were there any famous people, entertainers, politicians, government, generals, anybody?
Hmm.
They may have been, but that's an impression on me.
And, you know, we didn't have any.
the student government there, we didn't have the place for them to come to entertain.
There was a general out of the office of chief engineers came by there on some type of a review of the military, which is the only thing that they did, and I don't remember his name.
Religious activities on the campus.
What were they and where were they?
Or on or around?
Most of them off campus.
Did you and your buddies go to church on Sunday?
Or go to chapel?
I usually attended the service Sunday night.
What did you do on Sunday morning?
Sleep late?
and try to step off and take them out before they get away from it.
The Warefield House was the... What happened there?
It's where they had basketball.
It's where you practice basketball.
Describe an Aggie basketball game then.
There weren't very many seats in the White House.
A&M, as it is now, was not the greatest basketball school in the world.
Did y'all go to the games?
Alright then let's talk about important football.
Tell me about Aggie football in the late 30's.
That was important.
We had some bottom of the teams.
I had my junior senior there.
We lost one game.
So I had that one.
Had the great football experience for us winning for some.
Who were the favorites as human beings among those football stars?
Who did y'all like best as a person?
A lot of people like Rodney Allen.
Marshall Fuller.
Joe Robb.
I liked Willie Connetson.
I liked John Kimbrough and David Pugh.
Where was Marion Pugh from?
He wasn't a native of, I know he would live there afterward.
Okay.
And the coach, tell me about him.
No, we didn't get to know him.
Oh, you really?
No, we didn't have to.
Of course, we didn't have to promise all the games they won the firing and did.
Uh, court trips.
Describe a court trip during Europe.
ones that I remember.
Of course we had Co-Trip Dallas and Co-Trip Houston.
Houston I had relatives to stay there.
Dallas, our state of France, and Dallas.
And someone, like one friend, last Co-Trip we took to Dallas, his family had put up six of us.
and mostly we went up the afternoon before, Marching in the morning, went to the football stadium game, and back to the other station.
Now how did you get up there and back?
Hitchhiked mainly.
A few cars.
So it'd be Dallas and Fort Worth in alternate years, and Austin and Houston.
Yeah, two court trips a year.
Do you remember any court trip events particularly?
Snafus?
Jokes?
Big events?
Engineers did snafu.
Oh yeah, a few.
See the microphone.
a lot of fun running around, night clubbing.
One thing that was real funny, my junior year, the Rice kids that
That's something another to annoy us.
And so they were very concerned that when we came back, we were going to retaliate on campus.
So, we had done a war, and they worked as I did it.
They were concerned that we would get a unit of seniors and go to the campus.
And they'd do that.
And so we went down there Friday afternoon and we'd go to the campus.
And the kids just could have killed the administration.
They just hated it.
Here were Aggies standing?
Yeah, all seniors and boots.
It must have been about six to seven months.
Not that they were the right students just hated it.
In fact, we only had police in their campus for them.
How did an Aggie get a date for a court trip weekend?
Probably many different ways in there.
Also, at Port of Dallas, a guest together with some of my sisters.
And there are a lot of little mutual connections there.
And you can get blind dates.
I don't know, even rice, the good rice games.
They had somebody to know somebody and they had somebody else.
And about, I guess, two-thirds of the dates were blind dates.
And some of them were real blind, too.
Did y'all have nicknames for an ugly date?
Oh, yeah, bad.
Were there moose pots?
Yeah.
Describe that.
I don't know for sure what a moose pot was.
Okay.
I've heard that you and your buddies would all chip in and whoever had the worst date got the money.
I didn't.
That sounded like a hell of a good idea.
There always was a worst date.
Are there any blind date experiences you had that you can share?
Basically, I wasn't playing ace.
But in one or two ahead, it turned up pretty well.
I didn't have to get really hung like some of the guys.
Alright, let's go then to a football game day in College Station.
Take me through the whole day.
Well, one of the days when you had a date.
Either way.
Let's do both.
My normal time was I'd go down and start lining things up.
Work on the concession stands or popcorn or peanuts in the stands.
That's a freshman and sophomore.
In the junior year, I sort of ran on the concession stands and he released out the stuff and collected the money.
Freshman, sophomore.
On a rare occasion when I visited the office down, you'd meet Dave in Hawaii and walk around campus showing everything in the woods.
They usually come up with some of the dormitories.
It goes through the state of the last life.
When you're in dance as well, it's a good person.
Almost every, there was some type of dance.
Maybe find a way to put the same look or something we're doing.
Describe the conduct of people at a dance.
Where was it held and how did people act?
Such as?
and all that.
I know there's one or two of those different times on campus.
And then rock and everything.
How did people- More slow music.
And how did y'all, did the men, young men and women dress for the dance?
Well, we used to be uniform.
And what would they wear?
And did they behave well?
Well, compared to the present situation, I'd say I'm not, absolutely.
Alcohol?
Some.
Do you remember anybody getting drunk that day?
Yeah.
Rare.
Because what I've heard, things seem comparatively orderly.
Yeah.
Let's see.
During the game, where did you fish sit?
Or where did y'all stand during football?
We had dates.
If you had a date, the other class would treat you a little better.
Particularly if you had a good looking date.
Then they'd want you to stand right in the moment.
Did y'all, was there a pass by before the game?
Did y'all march in by units?
I think we did it back then.
Now, particularly your junior and senior year, y'all won a lot of games.
What happened at the end of a game that y'all won on campus?
And then usually there was some kind of dance.
Now, who was to capture the L leaders and throw them in the pond?
That's the way it was.
Were there yells, were the same yells given then as now?
Basically yes.
And has much changed during the game, the band and so forth, that you remember?
No, the band then did just like they did now.
Always wins ahead.
That's one of the things that they used to get.
They know that they won the football games, they lose the football games, they just won the hand.
Did y'all respect you students not in the band?
Did y'all respect the band?
I did.
There was some in, some of them were a little anti-band for the band.
Didn't have to participate.
And that's the way it goes.
There were a few bands that year.
Other student organizations of prestige other than the band?
Well, we had all the... there were lots of local clubs, like the Black County Alien Club.
What were those local clubs?
What did they do?
Well, we just... we met on Sunday afternoon.
and just get together.
And over the Christmas holidays, we had all of us to sponsor a dance.
Would this be just for that group, primarily?
Well, we would invite
former students and other people.
This would be at College Station?
No.
Oh, back.
Oh, okay.
Now, when the hometown club members, was that
Was that a place to go to get help with homework?
A lot of times you get stuff.
And maybe a ride home occasionally?
There wasn't enough cars to fill a two-car garage at home.
Let's see, other student organizations, singing cadets, were they?
They were there.
I'm not sure.
All right, so intramurals were important.
No, intramurals were extremely important.
And they were by core outfit.
What sports were included?
Touch football.
Swimming.
Waterfall.
Muster.
Do you remember Muster when you were a student?
Not really.
What about final review?
Describe it.
Held where?
MSC?
MSC.
Oh, in the drill field where?
Yeah.
All right, now, so final review for you is held in the spring of 1941.
Early.
What did you and your classmates think was ahead for you?
Did y'all, in the dormitories, did y'all talk much about what was going on in Europe?
Some, but not as much as you'd think.
Did you all anticipate?
No, we weren't really very sophisticated in, you know, outlook on foreign affairs and that.
Didn't know near much about his kids.
Of course, that isn't very much because kids and I don't keep up with foreign affairs.
So you weren't assuming that the U.S.
would certainly be in the war?
I did.
Uh, let's see, uh, do you remember any world events that caught your attention while you were a student?
I kept up with the U.S.
War very closely.
I've always been an interesting student in geography and seeing how this was unwinding things and changing things and all.
Usually it was always publishing new maps and showing where the boundaries were and then Beijing for a few years and those stuff.
I kept up with that quite well.
Did you and your fellow students
assume that if we had a problem, it would be in Europe or in the Far East?
I know I wasn't sophisticated enough to try to sort something like that out.
See, I tell students that people of our age, once we get to December 7th, we remember where we were when we heard that news.
Franklin Roosevelt's death and so forth.
But I can't think of any event that would have caused you and your fellow students before the spring of 41, I can't think of anything that would have stopped you in your tracks.
Like the Germans invading Poland.
No, there wouldn't have been an interruption of every radio station.
No, not that.
Let's see.
I'd say the biggest effect of the foreign European army